update security.md (#62)
PsychOps/serverpinger: SECURITY.md

### How to report it
We ask you to report any and all vulnerabilities to us in one of the following ways:

> - Sending a mail to [joshuaslui0203@gmail.com](mailto:joshuaslui0203@gmail.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sending a mail to [support@wolfsvale.tech](mailto:support@wolfsvale.tech)
```
